guess what comes out today you know what
comes out today know what the most
anticipated best album of 2008 besides
simula vatos that comes up September and
David Henry's july 4th wrapping up
little Wayne it's past July or that's
okay i'm doing a rap collaboration with
little jonas brothers Rick Ross I mean
Jonas Brothers support them I percent so
go buy their album and if you already
bought it buy another one if you've
already bought another one get another
100 after that because you're going to
need to listen to it that many times of
the same and you will love it well no I
do it's just that's my favorite like
whatever this thing is a pain you know
wait what are we doing after work oh
we're gonna go by like 15 albums a
little bit longer albums yeah you guys
got to do it too and if the Jonas
Brothers just happen to like throw in
some extra ticket somewhere or like
backstage passes or possibly a
microphone so i could say Benny on the
microphone that would be amazing I'm
gonna make a clip reel of me just saying
my favorite Jonas Brother line which is
the first one is a nap and I want take
it to your next shop and I want to go on
your tour bus but that's just out there
right now but we're gonna go by
open Hunger album okay whoever you're
talking wait wait whatever you're
talking to on the phone tell them to go
by the jonas brothers album write it
writer can you hear me hey can you can
hear me right now really you're gonna be
on YouTube whoa wait wait go bye go bye
you know the name of the Jonas Brothers
next album writers you know the name is
a little bit longer don't you know the
name go bud are you are you going to
Tower Records right now a longer I look
and by like 12 copies 12 13 tracks
another customer another ticket ok I
find it hey go by the Jonas Brothers
albums you remember that once that's
that song was playing this morning oh
this morning on set yeah oh that's great
yeah you should buy it are you gonna go
buy a totally what is it what's
available it comes out today go by like
12 copies ok hey yeah what did it
another ticket David mmm go buy a little
bit longer in stores
hit it go by little bit longer and
stores